In this video, we're going to start to extract, get initial props from indexes up to that custom app
component.
So let's get to it.
Now, when I say extract, what I really mean right now is just copy paste.
I do want to have a get initial props in both locations so we can kind of test and make sure that we're
still able to fetch data from both the page we're trying to display and the custom app.
Once we can ensure that we can fetch data in both locations at the same time, we will then remove get
initial props from landing page.
So eventually this will go away.
But for right now, we're going to have it in both locations again, just to make sure we can fetch
data in both places.
Okay.
So let's start off inside this underscore Jpgs file.
So we no longer want to just directly export this function.
Instead, we need to somehow define that, get initial props function on it.
So I'm going to delete the export default and I'm going to assign this to a variable that I will call
app component.
Now you might be tempted to call this app right here.
I encourage you not to do that.
Instead, call it app component.
You're going to see why in just a moment.
So we can then define app component, get initial props.
Like so.
And I'll do an export default app component at the bottom.
Now, just as we did back inside of our landing page, inside of get initial props.
If we do any data fetching, we need to make sure that we build up our Axios client because we're going
to run into all these same issues around problems with our domain or the base URL, depending upon whether
we are running this code on the browser or on the server.
So we still have to require in or import in that build client file and use it to build up our Axios
client.
So at the very top, I'm going to add in an import for build client from.
Up one directory.
API build pipeline.
Then down inside of get initial props.
I would write out right here, I would try to receive in some context argument.
That's what we would want to do.
But it turns out life is not quite so simple.
So now that we've got this kind of scaffolding put together, quick pause.
I want to show you another diagram just to help you understand a little challenge with next G's.